# Welcome to Revolutionizing Data Engineering & Analytics with Agentics AI
Dive into the future of data engineering and analytics with Agentics AI! This GitHub repository offers hands-on tutorials and examples to help you master advanced AI techniques for automating data processing, enhancing predictive analytics, and streamlining database management. Perfect for quickly learning and getting hands-on experience with the cutting-edge tools and frameworks that are transforming the data landscape.
### Minimum Requirements to Clone this repository Locally

To try out this Agentics AI GitHub project, you need to perform the following steps:

1. **dependencies.txt**: This file lists all the packages that need to be installed to leverage Agentics AI with Microsoft Autogen.
2. **.env**: This file requires you to provide your current file directory. It holds all variable values, such as the CSV file that needs to be loaded, the instance and database name, and the type of authentication.
3. **AOAI_CONFIG_LIST.json**: This file contains the API key and name for Azure OpenAI, OpenAI, or the local endpoint.
4. **CodeGenerator.py**: This Python file is where we created two agents: one to create the SQL scripts and another to save the scripts generated by the first agent.
5. **CodeGeneratorChatInitializer.py**: This Python file is used for knowledge transfer. It contains all the user expectations.
6. **CodeExecutor.py**: This Python file has one agent to execute all SQL script files to create all database objects.
7. **CodeExecutorChatInitializer.py**: This Python script file calls the **CodeExecutor.py** script to proceed with the execution of SQL script files to create the database objects.



### Disclosure

1. **Recommended Model**: GPT-4.0 is the recommended model to test this demo, but you are welcome to use other model versions.
2. **Python Environment**: It is ideal to create a Python virtual environment before installing your packages.
3. **Demo Purpose**: This is for demo purposes, and you may need to fine-tune the user prompts to suit your specific needs.
